(90)	The SSC has the reponsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India.
(565)	Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money fot this. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook. Education should be free for everyone. Face masks are a hot commodity. That sound was wonderful. I hate going to banks these days. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. The next trillionaire will be made in space.
(930)	Face masks are a hot commodity. Time is a precious resource. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. Light is the fastest. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. I think I should practice more tongue twisters.
(1284)	I hate going to banks these days. Make sure you spell that word right. She sings like an angel. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. We must conserve water. All the doors and windows of that house were open. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose.
(1667)	There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Our harmony is their jealousy. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. Our harmony is their jealousy. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates.
(2185)	Dust was all over the place. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. The birds are in a crazy mood today. I write my own destiny. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. The muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferiopr intellect. Search Engines are modern technological marvels.
(2592)	There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. All the best for your typing exam. Have you noticed your growing hair? Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. Why are children so afraid on me. Light is the fastest. The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice.
(2651)	Why are children so afraid on me. She sings like an angel. 