I should socialize more often.
The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. Give me fifteen oranges. I should socialize more often. The sun shines bright today. The capital of India is Delhi. They like to play tricks with the students. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. Drink water regularly.
Computers are wonderful machines. This seems to be enough for me, I guess. Find me a better shirt please. All the doors and windows of that house were open. Astronauts are wonderful. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook. No true religion can ever teach you to hurt others.
We must conserve water. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. Car keys are important. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. Time is a precious resource. All men are created equal. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose.
Face masks are a hot commodity. Help me find that girl. The mango is the king of fruits. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. I hope these sentences are not too long. This sweet is tasty. Our harmony is their jealousy. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook.
God shall save you from all evil forces. This seems to be enough for me, I guess. The NCERT stands for NAtional Council of Educational Research and Training. I think this should be enough. Time is a precious resource. Clothes are a useful resources. The college is evil. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems.
All the best for your typing exam. Running is wonderful. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. I think I should practice more tongue twisters. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. The sky looks wonderful today. Our harmony is their jealousy.
The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. 