Coding makes me feel like a genius.
The college is evil. I hope these sentences are not too long. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. The mango is the king of fruits. The capital of India is Delhi. There are seven continets in the world. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. The sun shines bright today.
Have you noticed your growing hair? The Atlas is a useful book. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. Dust was all over the place. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. Why are children so afraid on me.
All men are created equal. All men are created equal. Racism is a disease. Face masks are a hot commodity. Being a teacher these days is very hard. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. The next trillionaire will be made in space. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose.
The weather is beautiful. Anything which reduced human effort is a machine. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. Racism is a disease. Give me fifteen oranges. Help me find that girl. The mango is the king of fruits.
Time is a precious resource. Being a teacher these days is very hard. Clothes are a useful resources. The Atlas is a useful book. Coding makes me feel like a genius. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. The sky looks wonderful today. The time is always right, do not wait.
Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. Computers are wonderful machines. This one is for science. Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this. Writing a book is a very demanding task. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. Pasta tastes best with a good sauce. Be the best version of yourself.
Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. 