Being a teacher these days is very hard.
I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. I need a towel very quickly. I think I should practice more tongue twisters. Computers are wonderful machines. Dust was all over the place. Give me fifteen oranges. Education should be free for everyone. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly.
I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. The ISRO has made remarkable progress in space research. Face masks are a hot commodity. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. She sings like an angel. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. Computers are wonderful machines. All human beings deservfe equal respect.
The capital of India is Delhi. Tab key is important. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. The capital of India is Delhi. The UNIX started it all. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. Find me a better shirt please. Her voice is so soothing.
Follow traffic rules. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it. I need to drink water now. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. Light is the fastest. All of these sentences make no sense at all.
The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. Time is a precious resource. That sound was wonderful. Car keys are important. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. Give me fifteen oranges. Time is a precious resource.
The RRB NTPC attracts millions of applicants. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. Give me fifteen oranges. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Trucks connect the world. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. Time travel is a wonderful concept. None of us is as smart as all of us.
Give me fifteen oranges. 