Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives.
Our harmony is their jealousy. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. Astronauts are wonderful. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. Elon Musk is a rich person. The ISRO has made remarkable progress in space research. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state.
The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. God shall save you from all evil forces. Let me guess your true age. Online education is rising at a rapid rate. All men are created equal. There are seven continets in the world. I write my own destiny.
Drink water regularly. The next trillionaire will be made in space. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. I think I should practice more tongue twisters. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. Car keys are important. College is irrelevant these days. Consider learning Shorthand.
Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. Find me a better shirt please. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. All the best for your typing exam. Be the best version of yourself. They like to play tricks with the students.
Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources. Coding makes me feel like a genius. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. No true religion can ever teach you to hurt others. I need to drink water now. Computers have truly revolutionized the world. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Pasta tastes best with a good sauce.
Let's just hope there will no World War Three. Time is a precious resource. Have you noticed your growing hair? Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. I shall count the number of sentences now. Writing a book is a very demanding task. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources.
All the doors and windows of that house were open. 