I am a coder, normal life is boring for me.
I need a towel very quickly. Kolkata is the city of joy. Give me fifteen oranges. Show m e ID, the cop said. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. All the best for your typing exam. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. No one buys sixty watermellons.
Car keys are important. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Running is wonderful. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. I think this should be enough. Have you noticed your growing hair?
We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough. College is irrelevant these days. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. I need to drink water now. Be the best version of yourself.
I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. The sky looks wonderful today. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. All the doors and windows of that house were open. Our harmony is their jealousy. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. Writing a book is a very demanding task. Don't forget your wallet.
Stop watching rando videos. The sky looks wonderful today. Light is the fastest. Make sure you spell that word right. The college is evil. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. Patna is the capital of Bihar. Face masks are a hot commodity.
We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Being a teacher these days is very hard. Trucks connect the world. People crave stability. Our harmony is their jealousy. I should socialize more often. Bill Gates is ultra rich. Stop watching rando videos.
All the doors and windows of that house were open. 