Astronauts are wonderful.
I feel alive and happy living in the present. Goldfish are smart creatures. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. Make India great again. Dust was all over the place. She sings like an angel. The time is always right, do not wait. None of us is as smart as all of us.
Pasta tastes best with a good sauce. The college is evil. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. We must conserve water. Light is the fastest. I need to drink water now. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C.
Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this. I feel alive and happy living in the present. They like to play tricks with the students. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. Give me a break. News channels are getting biased. Racism is a disease. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it.
We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. This one is for science. This sweet is tasty. I need a towel very quickly. Running is wonderful. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. I should socialize more often. Show m e ID, the cop said.
NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. Computers are wonderful machines. Find me a better shirt please. Follow traffic rules. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. Computers are wonderful machines. Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources.
The BARC stands for Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. Computers are wonderful machines. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it. Follow traffic rules. The mango is the king of fruits. Be the best version of yourself. I think this should be enough. Kolkata is the city of joy.
The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. 