No one buys sixty watermellons.
That sound was wonderful. All the best for your typing exam. Movies may inspire you. Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. Her voice is so soothing. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C. I write my own destiny.
The bash and the shell excite me. Education should be free for everyone. The birds are in a crazy mood today. I think this should be enough. The UNIX started it all. I hope these sentences are not too long. All the doors and windows of that house were open. This one is for science.
Let's just hope there will no World War Three. People crave stability. The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. The weather is beautiful. Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources. Her voice is so soothing. The UNIX started it all.
The next trillionaire will be made in space. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. Why are children so afraid on me. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. Help put these things in order. The weather is beautiful. Running is wonderful.
Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. The bash and the shell excite me. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. Consider learning Shorthand. No one buys sixty watermellons. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. The college is evil. Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this.
The bash and the shell excite me. Our harmony is their jealousy. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. The birds are in a crazy mood today. Kolkata is the city of joy. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country.
We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. 