I need a towel very quickly.
These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. I shall count the number of sentences now. This seems to be enough for me, I guess. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. Goldfish are smart creatures. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. Childeren are wonderful.
No one buys sixty watermellons. The bash and the shell excite me. We must conserve water. Help me find that girl. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing.
I think this should be enough. The bash and the shell excite me. God shall save you from all evil forces. Running is wonderful. Not all of us are afraid of heights. Patna is the capital of Bihar. All men are created equal. Make sure you spell that word right.
The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms. None of us is as smart as all of us. The mango is the king of fruits. The sky looks wonderful today. College is irrelevant these days. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. Her voice is so soothing. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book.
You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Kolkata is the city of joy. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook. Be the best version of yourself. Clothes are a useful resources. I need to drink water now. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing.
Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. All the best for your typing exam. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Have you noticed your growing hair? Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education.
Superheroes are boring. 