We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough.
NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal. The next trillionaire will be made in space. I hope these sentences are not too long. Don't forget your wallet. Find me a better shirt please. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Pasta tastes best with a good sauce.
The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. Elon Musk is a rich person. Dust was all over the place. Coding makes me feel like a genius. The capital of India is Delhi.
Bill Gates is ultra rich. Racism is a disease. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. Kolkata is the city of joy. I need to drink water now. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world.
I feel alive and happy living in the present. The Atlas is a useful book. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. This sweet is tasty. Writing a book is a very demanding task. Movies may inspire you. We must conserve water. All of these sentences make no sense at all.
Online education is rising at a rapid rate. All the best for your typing exam. Computers are wonderful machines. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. I think I should practice more tongue twisters. Search Engines are modern technological marvels. Make sure you spell that word right. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India.
People crave stability. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. The sun shines bright today. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates.
The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. 