Trucks connect the world.
This one is for science. All the best for your typing exam. Coding makes me feel like a genius. Make India great again. Face masks are a hot commodity. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. No true religion can ever teach you to hurt others. The sun shines bright today.
Have you noticed your growing hair? All men are created equal. The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms. Racism is a disease. Her voice is so soothing. Why are children so afraid on me. The capital of India is Delhi. Car keys are important.
I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. The bash and the shell excite me. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. Light is the fastest. Patna is the capital of Bihar. Face masks are a hot commodity. I should socialize more often. Find me a better shirt please.
All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. I think this should be enough. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. Nuclear energy is the future. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians.
These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. All of these sentences make no sense at all. Consider learning Shorthand. Being a teacher these days is very hard. Pasta tastes best with a good sauce. Coding makes me feel like a genius. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. I feel alive and happy living in the present.
The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. Kolkata is the city of joy. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. Help put these things in order. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly.
They like to play tricks with the students. 