This sweet is tasty.
Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. Don't forget your wallet. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. They like to play tricks with the students. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it. The NCERT stands for NAtional Council of Educational Research and Training. I shall count the number of sentences now. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal.
NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. All of these sentences make no sense at all. Time is a precious resource. Tab key is important. Writing a book is a very demanding task. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. Not everyone likes pasta. Let me guess your true age.
This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. She sings like an angel. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. Clothes are a useful resources. Follow traffic rules. Computers are wonderful machines. All men are created equal.
This sweet is tasty. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. I think I should practice more tongue twisters. Show m e ID, the cop said. The Italians sure love pasta. Astronauts are wonderful. Give me fifteen oranges. Find me a better shirt please.
Nuclear energy is the future. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. Patna is the capital of Bihar. All of these sentences make no sense at all. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates.
Education should be free for everyone. The UNIX started it all. I feel alive and happy living in the present. Coding makes me feel like a genius. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. The ISRO has made remarkable progress in space research. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it.
Elon Musk is a rich person. 