(34)	I hate going to banks these days.
(366)	Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. Make India great again. Bats and rats are quick. Help me find that girl. Running is wonderful. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. Online education is rising at a rapid rate.
(757)	Be the best version of yourself. Follow traffic rules. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. All of these sentences make no sense at all. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates.
(1188)	The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. Follow traffic rules. Education should be free for everyone. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. Car keys are important. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India.
(1627)	The mango is the king of fruits. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. Be the best version of yourself. The ISRO has made remarkable progress in space research. Dust was all over the place. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates.
(1989)	No one buys sixty watermellons. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. Give me some flowers. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. The sun shines bright today. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. The time is always right, do not wait.
(2351)	I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Dust was all over the place. I think this should be enough. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives. The UNIX started it all. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country.
(2390)	The time is always right, do not wait. 