(34)	The bash and the shell excite me.
(401)	The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Show m e ID, the cop said. Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. Give me some flowers. I hope I am going to get this promotion. The college is evil. People crave stability.
(696)	Elon Musk is a rich person. Our harmony is their jealousy. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C. People crave stability. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. Bill Gates is ultra rich. I think this should be enough. I think I should practice more tongue twisters.
(994)	No true religion can ever teach you to hurt others. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. The bash and the shell excite me. All human beings deservfe equal respect. Running is wonderful. Patna is the capital of Bihar. Childeren are wonderful. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today.
(1329)	Childeren are wonderful. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. I write my own destiny. The mango is the king of fruits. Have you noticed your growing hair? The Atlas is a useful book. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose.
(1693)	I think I should practice more tongue twisters. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. I think I should practice more tongue twisters. The sun shines bright today. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. None of us is as smart as all of us. Help me find that girl.
(2019)	I love Exam Cluster. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. That sound was wonderful. That sound was wonderful. I write my own destiny. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. Online education is rising at a rapid rate.
(2056)	Make sure you spell that word right. 