(80)	This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube.
(436)	They like to play tricks with the students. The capital of India is Delhi. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. Bill Gates is ultra rich. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. All human beings deservfe equal respect. Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal.
(679)	Give me fifteen oranges. Goldfish are smart creatures. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. Bill Gates is ultra rich. Stop watching rando videos. All the best for your typing exam. Be the best version of yourself. That sound was wonderful.
(998)	The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. The college is evil. People crave stability. Computers have truly revolutionized the world. This sweet is tasty. The sky looks wonderful today. All the best for your typing exam.
(1308)	The bash and the shell excite me. This seems to be enough for me, I guess. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. Running is wonderful. Dust was all over the place. Give me a break. Drink water regularly. Let's just hope there will no World War Three.
(1691)	Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. All men are created equal. Our harmony is their jealousy. Kolkata is the city of joy. I shall count the number of sentences now. Movies may inspire you.
(2061)	The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. I love Exam Cluster. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. I write my own destiny. Bill Gates is ultra rich. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. I hate going to banks these days. College is irrelevant these days.
(2100)	Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal. 