(61)	Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose.
(334)	Education should be free for everyone. Help me find that girl. Time travel is a wonderful concept. I hope I am going to get this promotion. None of us is as smart as all of us. The Italians sure love pasta. There are seven continets in the world. Her voice is so soothing.
(739)	I should socialize more often. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. None of us is as smart as all of us. This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. The birds are in a crazy mood today. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. All the best for your typing exam.
(1132)	They like to play tricks with the students. Being a teacher these days is very hard. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. Be the best version of yourself. The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms. Time travel is a wonderful concept. Nuclear energy is the future. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update.
(1405)	Follow traffic rules. Tab key is important. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. I hope I am going to get this promotion. I feel alive and happy living in the present. I write my own destiny. Follow traffic rules.
(1773)	Give me some flowers. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. Find me a better shirt please. The NCERT stands for NAtional Council of Educational Research and Training. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now. Time travel is a wonderful concept. Drink water regularly.
(2118)	All of these sentences make no sense at all. The capital of India is Delhi. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. Help me find that girl. Find me a better shirt please. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. Follow traffic rules.
(2169)	I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. 