(28)	Kolkata is the city of joy.
(294)	Bill Gates is ultra rich. Astronauts are wonderful. Light is the fastest. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. Follow traffic rules. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now. This seems to be enough for me, I guess. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world.
(603)	All men are created equal. Help put these things in order. I feel alive and happy living in the present. Face masks are a hot commodity. I think this should be enough. All the doors and windows of that house were open. Consider learning Shorthand. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything.
(921)	Running is wonderful. The sky looks wonderful today. This sweet is tasty. Movies may inspire you. Search Engines are modern technological marvels. The NCERT stands for NAtional Council of Educational Research and Training. This sweet is tasty. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small.
(1298)	Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal. Show m e ID, the cop said. I feel alive and happy living in the present. College is irrelevant these days. This sweet is tasty. The NCERT stands for NAtional Council of Educational Research and Training. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now.
(1606)	Not everyone likes pasta. Make sure you spell that word right. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. This sweet is tasty. I shall count the number of sentences now. Find me a better shirt please. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. Superheroes are boring.
(1933)	Not everyone likes pasta. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. The Atlas is a useful book. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. Astronauts are wonderful. Show m e ID, the cop said. The college is evil. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher.
(1969)	Time travel is a wonderful concept. 