(25)	This one is for science.
(377)	This one is for science. Online education is rising at a rapid rate. This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. Computers are wonderful machines. Computers have truly revolutionized the world. Tab key is important. News channels are getting biased.
(711)	News channels are getting biased. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. Anything which reduced human effort is a machine. Nuclear energy is the future. Why are children so afraid on me. The capital of India is Delhi. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. People crave stability.
(1218)	Not everyone likes pasta. I hope I am going to get this promotion. This one is for science. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. Time travel is a wonderful concept. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update.
(1542)	Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. All the doors and windows of that house were open. The capital of India is Delhi. I should socialize more often. Movies may inspire you. Clothes are a useful resources. This sweet is tasty.
(1839)	Stop watching rando videos. This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. Help put these things in order. Help me find that girl. Not all of us are afraid of heights. Online education is rising at a rapid rate. Patna is the capital of Bihar. The college is evil.
(2182)	Writing a book is a very demanding task. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. Make sure you spell that word right. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. I feel alive and happy living in the present. The weather is beautiful. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything.
(2208)	Trucks connect the world. 