(71)	Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone.
(475)	You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. The time is always right, do not wait. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. People crave stability. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. All men are created equal.
(728)	The UNIX started it all. Bats and rats are quick. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. Make sure you spell that word right. The Italians sure love pasta. Childeren are wonderful. Give me fifteen oranges. Give me fifteen oranges.
(1069)	Don't forget your wallet. She sings like an angel. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. Trucks connect the world. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms.
(1353)	Not all of us are afraid of heights. Have you noticed your growing hair? Patna is the capital of Bihar. I love Exam Cluster. Be the best version of yourself. Kolkata is the city of joy. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Let's just hope there will no World War Three.
(1631)	Give me a break. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. There are seven continets in the world. Nuclear energy is the future. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. Astronauts are wonderful. Dust was all over the place. Follow traffic rules.
(1983)	I hope these sentences are not too long. Have you noticed your growing hair? This seems to be enough for me, I guess. Light is the fastest. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Help put these things in order.
(2019)	Coding makes me feel like a genius. 