(36)	Coding makes me feel like a genius.
(389)	Be the best version of yourself. There are seven continets in the world. Clothes are a useful resources. The BARC stands for Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. College is irrelevant these days. Running is wonderful. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources.
(710)	Consider learning Shorthand. News channels are getting biased. I hope these sentences are not too long. Give me a break. Superheroes are boring. Pasta tastes best with a good sauce. Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this. Time travel is a wonderful concept.
(1042)	Find me a better shirt please. Goldfish are smart creatures. The bash and the shell excite me. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. No true religion can ever teach you to hurt others. Movies may inspire you. Make India great again. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems.
(1418)	Racism is a disease. Dust was all over the place. Drink water regularly. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. The RRB NTPC attracts millions of applicants. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit.
(1793)	Childeren are wonderful. I feel alive and happy living in the present. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. Be the best version of yourself. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. Make India great again. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal.
(2090)	Computers are wonderful machines. The weather is beautiful. Her voice is so soothing. The birds are in a crazy mood today. All men are created equal. Racism is a disease. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. The next trillionaire will be made in space.
(2156)	You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. 