(68)	Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher.
(452)	Not all of us are afraid of heights. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. This one is for science. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. Show m e ID, the cop said. God shall save you from all evil forces. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success.
(819)	Kolkata is the city of joy. Drink water regularly. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. Light is the fastest. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms.
(1084)	The time is always right, do not wait. She sings like an angel. Why are children so afraid on me. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. Search Engines are modern technological marvels. Her voice is so soothing. Her voice is so soothing. Follow traffic rules.
(1412)	I shall count the number of sentences now. This seems to be enough for me, I guess. News channels are getting biased. Bats and rats are quick. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. Make sure you spell that word right. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update.
(1735)	Superheroes are boring. Not everyone likes pasta. Being a teacher these days is very hard. Show m e ID, the cop said. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now.
(2086)	All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. I think this should be enough. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. I need a towel very quickly. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. Bats and rats are quick. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. The bash and the shell excite me.
(2111)	The UNIX started it all. 