(31)	Our harmony is their jealousy.
(361)	God shall save you from all evil forces. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. Stop watching rando videos. Education should be free for everyone. All men are created equal. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. The UNIX started it all.
(738)	The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it. Find me a better shirt please. The time is always right, do not wait. Stop watching rando videos. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Coding makes me feel like a genius.
(1160)	I think I should practice more tongue twisters. The birds are in a crazy mood today. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Racism is a disease. News channels are getting biased. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small.
(1529)	The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. This sweet is tasty. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. The ISRO has made remarkable progress in space research. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. Nuclear energy is the future. College is irrelevant these days. Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives.
(1956)	Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives. Writing a book is a very demanding task. Show m e ID, the cop said. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. Face masks are a hot commodity. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study.
(2231)	The UNIX started it all. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. Give me fifteen oranges. I love Exam Cluster. Find me a better shirt please. The Italians sure love pasta. This one is for science. Computers have truly revolutionized the world.
(2260)	Consider learning Shorthand. 