(25)	Give me fifteen oranges.
(418)	Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. Racism is a disease. The bash and the shell excite me. The next trillionaire will be made in space. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. God shall save you from all evil forces.
(875)	Pasta tastes best with a good sauce. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Time travel is a wonderful concept. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. Coding makes me feel like a genius. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons.
(1369)	The Italians sure love pasta. Dust was all over the place. News channels are getting biased. God shall save you from all evil forces. Light is the fastest. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. The Atlas is a useful book.
(1687)	Follow traffic rules. The college is evil. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. All of these sentences make no sense at all. She sings like an angel. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. The weather is beautiful.
(1979)	Patna is the capital of Bihar. Give me fifteen oranges. I hope these sentences are not too long. There are seven continets in the world. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. The UNIX started it all. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. Give me some flowers.
(2298)	I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. Car keys are important. Make sure you spell that word right. Her voice is so soothing. Why are children so afraid on me. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Computers are wonderful machines. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future.
(2329)	Find me a better shirt please. 