(62)	We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough.
(501)	All the doors and windows of that house were open. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. Not everyone likes pasta. The Italians sure love pasta. Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. God shall save you from all evil forces.
(795)	Our harmony is their jealousy. Being a teacher these days is very hard. Let me guess your true age. All the best for your typing exam. They like to play tricks with the students. Show m e ID, the cop said. She sings like an angel. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal.
(1167)	The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. Let me guess your true age. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. This seems to be enough for me, I guess. Bill Gates is ultra rich. Movies may inspire you. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. Consider learning Shorthand.
(1494)	Give me fifteen oranges. They like to play tricks with the students. Give me some flowers. Time travel is a wonderful concept. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. Show m e ID, the cop said.
(1943)	This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. The birds are in a crazy mood today. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. Give me fifteen oranges. Make sure you spell that word right.
(2353)	The ecosystem of Mars is promising. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. Bats and rats are quick. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. The mango is the king of fruits. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. Childeren are wonderful.
(2380)	I need to drink water now. 