(60)	Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing.
(465)	This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. Make India great again. Education should be free for everyone. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Goldfish are smart creatures. Find me a better shirt please.
(777)	Writing a book is a very demanding task. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. I need a towel very quickly. Coding makes me feel like a genius. Movies may inspire you. I think this should be enough. Light is the fastest.
(1110)	Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. Let me guess your true age. We must conserve water. I need to drink water now. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. I think I should practice more tongue twisters. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me.
(1391)	Running is wonderful. The next trillionaire will be made in space. Car keys are important. Running is wonderful. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. College is irrelevant these days. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Why are children so afraid on me.
(1857)	Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. Search Engines are modern technological marvels. All men are created equal. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. I love Exam Cluster.
(2285)	The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. Not all of us are afraid of heights. The sun shines bright today. Trucks connect the world. Why are children so afraid on me. Make sure you spell that word right. Childeren are wonderful.
(2343)	The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. 