(75)	The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems.
(526)	Help put these things in order. People crave stability. The sky looks wonderful today. I shall count the number of sentences now. The sun shines bright today. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected.
(802)	Tab key is important. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. That sound was wonderful. Running is wonderful. This sweet is tasty. I hope these sentences are not too long. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. Find me a better shirt please.
(1136)	Not everyone likes pasta. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. Time travel is a wonderful concept. Bats and rats are quick. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. Clothes are a useful resources. Goldfish are smart creatures. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel.
(1454)	The capital of India is Delhi. Astronauts are wonderful. I feel alive and happy living in the present. I think I should practice more tongue twisters. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Time travel is a wonderful concept. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. People crave stability.
(1856)	Be the best version of yourself. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. None of us is as smart as all of us. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. Face masks are a hot commodity. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book.
(2168)	Not all of us are afraid of heights. I hate going to banks these days. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now. Astronauts are wonderful. I feel alive and happy living in the present. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. Make India great again.
(2192)	People crave stability. 