(60)	Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing.
(519)	Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. I hope these sentences are not too long. The BARC stands for Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. Search Engines are modern technological marvels. Have you noticed your growing hair? Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state.
(793)	I need a towel very quickly. Movies may inspire you. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. Be the best version of yourself. Running is wonderful. We must conserve water. Light is the fastest.
(1183)	Patna is the capital of Bihar. Drink water regularly. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. The UNIX started it all. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. Not all of us are afraid of heights.
(1594)	Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. All the doors and windows of that house were open. The ISRO has made remarkable progress in space research. Being a teacher these days is very hard. Trucks connect the world. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. All human beings deservfe equal respect.
(1867)	Give me a break. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. I need a towel very quickly. Trucks connect the world. Why are children so afraid on me. I hate going to banks these days. All human beings deservfe equal respect. Our harmony is their jealousy.
(2157)	Running is wonderful. All the best for your typing exam. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. College is irrelevant these days. Computers are wonderful machines. I should socialize more often. Help put these things in order. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit.
(2198)	Writing a book is a very demanding task. 