(24)	Superheroes are boring.
(330)	Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. Give me some flowers. God shall save you from all evil forces. Dust was all over the place. Consider learning Shorthand. Stop watching rando videos. I write my own destiny.
(734)	Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. I shall count the number of sentences now. Be the best version of yourself. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. The RRB NTPC attracts millions of applicants. Time travel is a wonderful concept.
(1062)	None of us is as smart as all of us. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. I need to drink water now. Kolkata is the city of joy. Running is wonderful. I need to drink water now. They like to play tricks with the students. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal.
(1449)	All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. Stop watching rando videos. Don't forget your wallet. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. Not all of us are afraid of heights. Give me some flowers.
(1765)	Bats and rats are quick. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. The college is evil. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. Elon Musk is a rich person. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. I write my own destiny.
(2122)	Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Give me some flowers. Give me some flowers. Superheroes are boring. Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources. Elon Musk is a rich person. Her voice is so soothing.
(2156)	News channels are getting biased. 