(63)	All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal.
(514)	Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this. The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. Superheroes are boring. God shall save you from all evil forces. All the doors and windows of that house were open. Why are children so afraid on me.
(918)	I think this should be enough. Pasta tastes best with a good sauce. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. Drink water regularly. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. Kolkata is the city of joy.
(1152)	I think I should practice more tongue twisters. This sweet is tasty. The mango is the king of fruits. All human beings deservfe equal respect. Movies may inspire you. She sings like an angel. This sweet is tasty. Racism is a disease.
(1427)	This sweet is tasty. The BARC stands for Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. College is irrelevant these days. Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal. All men are created equal. Our harmony is their jealousy. All the best for your typing exam.
(1762)	This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. Let me guess your true age. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. The bash and the shell excite me. Drink water regularly. The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms. Movies may inspire you. Bill Gates is ultra rich.
(2124)	Movies may inspire you. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. They like to play tricks with the students. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. The Italians sure love pasta. This one is for science.
(2152)	Let me guess your true age. 