(45)	All of these sentences make no sense at all.
(361)	This one is for science. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. The UNIX started it all. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. College is irrelevant these days. Give me fifteen oranges. Our harmony is their jealousy.
(668)	I think this should be enough. I hope these sentences are not too long. Racism is a disease. The mango is the king of fruits. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. Light is the fastest.
(1154)	They like to play tricks with the students. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. Dust was all over the place. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. None of us is as smart as all of us. The Atlas is a useful book. Let me guess your true age. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea.
(1497)	Light is the fastest. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. All human beings deservfe equal respect. Consider learning Shorthand. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. The college is evil. Have you noticed your growing hair?
(1838)	Give me a break. I need to drink water now. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. Childeren are wonderful. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms. Show m e ID, the cop said. Face masks are a hot commodity.
(2435)	Consider learning Shorthand. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. All human beings deservfe equal respect. All the doors and windows of that house were open. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal.
(2462)	All men are created equal. 