(34)	Why are children so afraid on me.
(393)	Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources. The Italians sure love pasta. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. None of us is as smart as all of us. Time is a precious resource. The bash and the shell excite me. The UNIX started it all.
(771)	There are seven continets in the world. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. I write my own destiny. Dust was all over the place. I shall count the number of sentences now. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Pasta tastes best with a good sauce.
(1118)	Why are children so afraid on me. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. Face masks are a hot commodity. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. The NCERT stands for NAtional Council of Educational Research and Training. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter.
(1450)	Online education is rising at a rapid rate. Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook. I love Exam Cluster. Education should be free for everyone. Help me find that girl. Time is a precious resource. Give me fifteen oranges.
(1760)	Time travel is a wonderful concept. I hope these sentences are not too long. Don't forget your wallet. Not everyone likes pasta. Education should be free for everyone. I need a towel very quickly. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. I hate going to banks these days.
(2213)	You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. The next trillionaire will be made in space. All human beings deservfe equal respect. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. Have you noticed your growing hair? The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it. Be the best version of yourself.
(2256)	I shall count the number of sentences now. 