(47)	Let's just hope there will no World War Three.
(468)	The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. This one is for science. The birds are in a crazy mood today. Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. The NCERT stands for NAtional Council of Educational Research and Training. Have you noticed your growing hair?
(773)	Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. Patna is the capital of Bihar. The mango is the king of fruits. Time is a precious resource. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. Education should be free for everyone. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. This one is for science.
(1121)	Light is the fastest. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. Computers are wonderful machines. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. Computers are wonderful machines. No one buys sixty watermellons.
(1532)	We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. I write my own destiny. I think this should be enough. Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources. The Italians sure love pasta. Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources. College is irrelevant these days.
(1951)	Our harmony is their jealousy. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. The weather is beautiful. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons.
(2259)	Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. I love Exam Cluster. Not all of us are afraid of heights. Racism is a disease. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. No one buys sixty watermellons. I think this should be enough.
(2317)	The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. 