(30)	Goldfish are smart creatures.
(360)	Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. The birds are in a crazy mood today. Be the best version of yourself. This seems to be enough for me, I guess. I hate going to banks these days. Give me a break. Anything which reduced human effort is a machine.
(708)	Patna is the capital of Bihar. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. Time is a precious resource. Pasta tastes best with a good sauce. The bash and the shell excite me. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians.
(1046)	The next trillionaire will be made in space. Childeren are wonderful. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. None of us is as smart as all of us. This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. The weather is beautiful. Childeren are wonderful. The time is always right, do not wait.
(1351)	Bats and rats are quick. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. Help me find that girl. The Atlas is a useful book. Don't forget your wallet. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C. The next trillionaire will be made in space. God shall save you from all evil forces.
(1667)	Be the best version of yourself. Her voice is so soothing. Computers are wonderful machines. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. Don't forget your wallet. All of these sentences make no sense at all. Online education is rising at a rapid rate. I think I should practice more tongue twisters.
(2012)	This seems to be enough for me, I guess. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. I hate going to banks these days. She sings like an angel. Help me find that girl. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Racism is a disease.
(2039)	Show m e ID, the cop said. 