(40)	Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A.
(316)	Kolkata is the city of joy. Let me guess your true age. Follow traffic rules. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Kolkata is the city of joy. The BARC stands for Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. I write my own destiny. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A.
(567)	You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Car keys are important. Light is the fastest. Education should be free for everyone. The UNIX started it all. Her voice is so soothing. Not all of us are afraid of heights. Drink water regularly.
(911)	The college is evil. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. Give me fifteen oranges. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. The birds are in a crazy mood today.
(1290)	The mango is the king of fruits. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. The RRB NTPC attracts millions of applicants. Anything which reduced human effort is a machine. All of these sentences make no sense at all. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. Goldfish are smart creatures. This one is for science.
(1697)	Kolkata is the city of joy. That sound was wonderful. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. Show m e ID, the cop said.
(2004)	Make India great again. We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough. I need a towel very quickly. Racism is a disease. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. I hate going to banks these days. Give me a break. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future.
(2045)	I hope I am going to get this promotion. 