(60)	Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly.
(498)	All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. Give me some flowers. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this. The UNIX started it all.
(839)	I think I should practice more tongue twisters. Kolkata is the city of joy. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Have you noticed your growing hair? Trucks connect the world. I hope these sentences are not too long. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C.
(1317)	Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. Elon Musk is a rich person. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A.
(1785)	Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. Why are children so afraid on me. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. I need a towel very quickly. This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. I feel alive and happy living in the present. The next trillionaire will be made in space.
(2233)	The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. The UNIX started it all. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough. The sky looks wonderful today. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. This sweet is tasty. There are seven continets in the world.
(2550)	Car keys are important. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. Stop watching rando videos. Make India great again. Search Engines are modern technological marvels. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. Writing a book is a very demanding task. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period.
(2577)	I need to drink water now. 