(63)	The British made sure they looted all that they could from us.
(492)	You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. Nuclear energy is the future. College is irrelevant these days. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study.
(835)	Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. Show m e ID, the cop said. The ISRO has made remarkable progress in space research. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. Childeren are wonderful. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. Astronauts are wonderful. Nuclear energy is the future.
(1274)	Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this. The capital of India is Delhi. All human beings deservfe equal respect. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. College is irrelevant these days. The NCERT stands for NAtional Council of Educational Research and Training. This seems to be enough for me, I guess.
(1706)	That sound was wonderful. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. Online education is rising at a rapid rate. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. Pasta tastes best with a good sauce. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel.
(2040)	Astronauts are wonderful. Tab key is important. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. None of us is as smart as all of us. Writing a book is a very demanding task. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period.
(2421)	Face masks are a hot commodity. Help put these things in order. Anything which reduced human effort is a machine. I should socialize more often. This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. The sky looks wonderful today. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. The ISRO has made remarkable progress in space research.
(2465)	They like to play tricks with the students. 