(45)	The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update.
(353)	The Atlas is a useful book. The mango is the king of fruits. Tab key is important. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. Be the best version of yourself. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. The ISRO has made remarkable progress in space research. Dust was all over the place.
(795)	We must conserve water. Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. She sings like an angel. Stop watching rando videos. Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this. Time travel is a wonderful concept.
(1287)	The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. Let me guess your true age. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. Trucks connect the world. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing.
(1614)	The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. News channels are getting biased. The sun shines bright today. Not everyone likes pasta. Tab key is important. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. Astronauts are wonderful. I think this should be enough.
(2002)	Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. Writing a book is a very demanding task. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. I feel alive and happy living in the present. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter.
(2297)	They like to play tricks with the students. The next trillionaire will be made in space. Astronauts are wonderful. There are seven continets in the world. Bats and rats are quick. No one buys sixty watermellons. Not all of us are afraid of heights. I feel alive and happy living in the present.
(2330)	The mango is the king of fruits. 