(29)	I need a towel very quickly.
(370)	Bats and rats are quick. Her voice is so soothing. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. Help me find that girl. Patna is the capital of Bihar. Show m e ID, the cop said. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education.
(728)	We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. Coding makes me feel like a genius. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. People crave stability. Computers have truly revolutionized the world. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. Give me a break.
(1029)	The time is always right, do not wait. The time is always right, do not wait. College is irrelevant these days. Stop watching rando videos. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. Make sure you spell that word right.
(1382)	Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now. I shall count the number of sentences now. Give me a break. The BARC stands for Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Goldfish are smart creatures.
(1682)	Kolkata is the city of joy. Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal. Being a teacher these days is very hard. Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives. Racism is a disease. Anything which reduced human effort is a machine. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. People crave stability.
(2114)	The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. All of these sentences make no sense at all. The RRB NTPC attracts millions of applicants. The time is always right, do not wait. Online education is rising at a rapid rate. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. Not everyone likes pasta. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly.
(2180)	This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. 