(26)	Trucks connect the world.
(346)	Being a teacher these days is very hard. Writing a book is a very demanding task. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now. The sun shines bright today. Computers are wonderful machines. Give me fifteen oranges. I hope these sentences are not too long.
(707)	Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. The ISRO has made remarkable progress in space research. Light is the fastest. This one is for science. Dust was all over the place. Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives. I hope I am going to get this promotion.
(1056)	Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. Bats and rats are quick. Education should be free for everyone. Movies may inspire you. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. I love Exam Cluster.
(1394)	Computers are wonderful machines. Not all of us are afraid of heights. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. All the best for your typing exam. The BARC stands for Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. All the doors and windows of that house were open. Trucks connect the world. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education.
(1689)	None of us is as smart as all of us. Superheroes are boring. That sound was wonderful. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. The sky looks wonderful today. College is irrelevant these days. Search Engines are modern technological marvels.
(2019)	Her voice is so soothing. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. She sings like an angel. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. The UNIX started it all. Our harmony is their jealousy. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. None of us is as smart as all of us.
(2124)	This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. 