(39)	The time is always right, do not wait.
(394)	The time is always right, do not wait. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Search Engines are modern technological marvels. The Atlas is a useful book. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Light is the fastest. Search Engines are modern technological marvels.
(770)	Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. Superheroes are boring. All human beings deservfe equal respect. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Have you noticed your growing hair? Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. This one is for science. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us.
(1049)	Not all of us are afraid of heights. Time travel is a wonderful concept. The UNIX started it all. That sound was wonderful. God shall save you from all evil forces. All men are created equal. This seems to be enough for me, I guess. I feel alive and happy living in the present.
(1349)	The sun shines bright today. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. Help me find that girl. Follow traffic rules. Astronauts are wonderful. Dust was all over the place. Not everyone likes pasta.
(1747)	Nuclear energy is the future. All human beings deservfe equal respect. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Don't forget your wallet. The NCERT stands for NAtional Council of Educational Research and Training. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. No true religion can ever teach you to hurt others. Patna is the capital of Bihar.
(2180)	Show m e ID, the cop said. Search Engines are modern technological marvels. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. All the doors and windows of that house were open. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. Show m e ID, the cop said. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel.
(2216)	Time travel is a wonderful concept. 