(39)	Education should be free for everyone.
(450)	Don't forget your wallet. Goldfish are smart creatures. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Computers have truly revolutionized the world. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough.
(741)	Superheroes are boring. The birds are in a crazy mood today. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. The Atlas is a useful book. Give me some flowers. Clothes are a useful resources. I hope I am going to get this promotion. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me.
(1065)	No one buys sixty watermellons. The capital of India is Delhi. The sun shines bright today. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. They like to play tricks with the students. News channels are getting biased. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Be the best version of yourself.
(1426)	Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. All the best for your typing exam. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C. Car keys are important. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. The next trillionaire will be made in space.
(1780)	Help put these things in order. Consider learning Shorthand. Be the best version of yourself. The capital of India is Delhi. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. Education should be free for everyone. I shall count the number of sentences now. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion.
(2203)	The Atlas is a useful book. People crave stability. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. Goldfish are smart creatures. Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this.
(2279)	The NCERT stands for NAtional Council of Educational Research and Training. 