(24)	Car keys are important.
(248)	This one is for science. Elon Musk is a rich person. This one is for science. The sun shines bright today. Bats and rats are quick. Follow traffic rules. I need to drink water now. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth.
(607)	Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. The time is always right, do not wait. Dust was all over the place. They like to play tricks with the students. Pasta tastes best with a good sauce. Let me guess your true age.
(916)	The Atlas is a useful book. Tab key is important. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. All men are created equal. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. The time is always right, do not wait. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. Not everyone likes pasta.
(1289)	This one is for science. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. God shall save you from all evil forces. Astronauts are wonderful. Tab key is important. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small.
(1811)	Online education is rising at a rapid rate. Running is wonderful. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. This sweet is tasty. Help put these things in order. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons.
(2308)	The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. Pasta tastes best with a good sauce. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. She sings like an angel. I need to drink water now. All of these sentences make no sense at all.
(2349)	Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C. 