(25)	She sings like an angel.
(356)	We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. Coding makes me feel like a genius. That sound was wonderful. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. They like to play tricks with the students. Nuclear energy is the future. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. I hate going to banks these days.
(628)	Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. I write my own destiny. Nuclear energy is the future. The next trillionaire will be made in space. I should socialize more often. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. None of us is as smart as all of us. Trucks connect the world.
(925)	She sings like an angel. This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. Don't forget your wallet. I think this should be enough. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. This sweet is tasty. I write my own destiny.
(1266)	Not everyone likes pasta. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. Dust was all over the place. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. I hope I am going to get this promotion. Not everyone likes pasta. All of these sentences make no sense at all. Superheroes are boring.
(1764)	The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook. Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. Her voice is so soothing. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. God shall save you from all evil forces. The time is always right, do not wait. The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion.
(2006)	Nuclear energy is the future. Bats and rats are quick. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. Make India great again. Goldfish are smart creatures. I shall count the number of sentences now. Running is wonderful. Time travel is a wonderful concept.
(2027)	This sweet is tasty. 