(40)	There are seven continets in the world.
(644)	The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. The weather is beautiful. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. I hope I am going to get this promotion. This sweet is tasty. The sky looks wonderful today.
(1004)	Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. Astronauts are wonderful. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. Stop watching rando videos. Time is a precious resource. This one is for science. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually.
(1403)	Running is wonderful. Our harmony is their jealousy. I hope these sentences are not too long. The next trillionaire will be made in space. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook. Be the best version of yourself. This one is for science.
(1778)	Elon Musk is a rich person. Have you noticed your growing hair? Make sure you spell that word right. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. Nuclear energy is the future. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. Time is a precious resource.
(2086)	I hope these sentences are not too long. College is irrelevant these days. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. All the best for your typing exam. Coding makes me feel like a genius. The capital of India is Delhi. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. Trucks connect the world.
(2463)	There are seven continets in the world. Show m e ID, the cop said. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. Search Engines are modern technological marvels. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. Don't forget your wallet. Computers have truly revolutionized the world. Find me a better shirt please.
(2489)	Bill Gates is ultra rich. 