(30)	Goldfish are smart creatures.
(381)	This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. The sun shines bright today. I think this should be enough. Make sure you spell that word right. Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives. There are seven continets in the world. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. The time is always right, do not wait.
(681)	All the doors and windows of that house were open. Kolkata is the city of joy. The Atlas is a useful book. No true religion can ever teach you to hurt others. Give me some flowers. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. Running is wonderful. Find me a better shirt please.
(998)	We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough. Find me a better shirt please. Trucks connect the world. The weather is beautiful. Being a teacher these days is very hard. God shall save you from all evil forces. Computers have truly revolutionized the world. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now.
(1271)	Consider learning Shorthand. Make India great again. Find me a better shirt please. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. Astronauts are wonderful. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. Her voice is so soothing. I hate going to banks these days.
(1610)	Running is wonderful. Anything which reduced human effort is a machine. Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal. Tab key is important. Tab key is important. The RRB NTPC attracts millions of applicants. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it.
(1968)	The next trillionaire will be made in space. Stop watching rando videos. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. Be the best version of yourself. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians. I need to drink water now.
(1991)	Drink water regularly. 