(111)	You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook.
(554)	The capital of India is Delhi. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Give me some flowers. Trucks connect the world. The college is evil. This seems to be enough for me, I guess. Have you noticed your growing hair?
(1011)	Coding makes me feel like a genius. The capital of India is Delhi. Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. I shall count the number of sentences now. This one is for science. The capital of India is Delhi. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. Show m e ID, the cop said.
(1375)	Bill Gates is ultra rich. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. Be the best version of yourself. This one is for science. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. Patna is the capital of Bihar. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians.
(1712)	The next trillionaire will be made in space. Education should be free for everyone. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. The UNIX started it all. Computers are wonderful machines. This sweet is tasty. Time travel is a wonderful concept.
(2104)	Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough. The weather is beautiful. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. I need to drink water now. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Coding makes me feel like a genius.
(2463)	Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources. Writing a book is a very demanding task. Astronauts are wonderful. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Movies may inspire you. None of us is as smart as all of us. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. Why are children so afraid on me.
(2488)	She sings like an angel. 