(66)	We need more scientists and doctors than lawyers and politicians.
(369)	Help me find that girl. Give me some flowers. Her voice is so soothing. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. The capital of India is Delhi. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. I shall count the number of sentences now.
(671)	We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Let me guess your true age. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C. I need a towel very quickly. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. Elon Musk is a rich person. Bats and rats are quick. This sweet is tasty.
(1024)	I should socialize more often. All the best for your typing exam. Give me a break. Not all of us are afraid of heights. Computers have truly revolutionized the world. The next trillionaire will be made in space. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET.
(1434)	Goldfish are smart creatures. I write my own destiny. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. Movies may inspire you. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. Time travel is a wonderful concept. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day.
(1888)	College is irrelevant these days. The time is always right, do not wait. Search Engines are modern technological marvels. Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources. I hope I am going to get this promotion. Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. I should socialize more often.
(2442)	The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. Childeren are wonderful. College is irrelevant these days. Face masks are a hot commodity. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook. I need to drink water now. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it. All the doors and windows of that house were open.
(2527)	These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. 