(31)	Find me a better shirt please.
(380)	Kolkata is the city of joy. Light is the fastest. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. I think I should practice more tongue twisters. Not all of us are afraid of heights. Light is the fastest. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit.
(758)	The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. Online education is rising at a rapid rate. All the doors and windows of that house were open. I hope I am going to get this promotion. Astronauts are wonderful. News channels are getting biased. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly.
(1090)	I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. This one is for science. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. Education should be free for everyone. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. Follow traffic rules. Writing a book is a very demanding task. Let's just hope there will no World War Three.
(1409)	The ecosystem of Mars is promising. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. She sings like an angel. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. Not all of us are afraid of heights. No one buys sixty watermellons. I love Exam Cluster.
(1728)	I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. Dust was all over the place. Light is the fastest. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. The Atlas is a useful book.
(1976)	I write my own destiny. I love Exam Cluster. Show m e ID, the cop said. Patna is the capital of Bihar. Our harmony is their jealousy. Goldfish are smart creatures. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. I love Exam Cluster.
(2001)	Bats and rats are quick. 