(59)	Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future.
(528)	Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. The bash and the shell excite me. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. The BARC stands for Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook. Astronauts are wonderful. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth.
(833)	College is irrelevant these days. Car keys are important. News channels are getting biased. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. The Atlas is a useful book. Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. The weather is beautiful.
(1230)	No one buys sixty watermellons. There are seven continets in the world. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. The next trillionaire will be made in space. Time travel is a wonderful concept. All the best for your typing exam. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit.
(1624)	I think this should be enough. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. Give me a break. I should socialize more often.
(1936)	The capital of India is Delhi. The sky looks wonderful today. I need to drink water now. Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C. Drink water regularly. Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal. The college is evil.
(2287)	She sings like an angel. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C. The capital of India is Delhi. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. I think this should be enough. Help put these things in order. This sweet is tasty. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook.
(2308)	This sweet is tasty. 