(69)	Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day.
(455)	Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. We must conserve water. Goldfish are smart creatures. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. Not all of us are afraid of heights. Clothes are a useful resources. This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. I think this should be enough.
(902)	Carrots are a rich source of Vitamin A. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. All the doors and windows of that house were open. She sings like an angel. All the doors and windows of that house were open. Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates.
(1186)	Time is a precious resource. Car keys are important. The NCERT stands for NAtional Council of Educational Research and Training. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update. The sun shines bright today. Our harmony is their jealousy. Kolkata is the city of joy. Give me some flowers.
(1453)	Nuclear energy is the future. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. No one buys sixty watermellons. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. The Italians sure love pasta. I love Exam Cluster. I love Exam Cluster. Bats and rats are quick.
(1799)	This seems to be enough for me, I guess. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. Goldfish are smart creatures. Online education is rising at a rapid rate. Follow traffic rules. Education should be free for everyone. Movies may inspire you.
(2185)	This sweet is tasty. I think I should practice more tongue twisters. Clothes are a useful resources. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. She sings like an angel. This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. No one buys sixty watermellons.
(2212)	Show m e ID, the cop said. 