(22)	Give me some flowers.
(413)	Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. I feel alive and happy living in the present. I think this should be enough. Search Engines are modern technological marvels. The birds are in a crazy mood today. I hope these sentences are not too long. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. The RRB NTPC attracts millions of applicants.
(712)	The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. The time is always right, do not wait. The Italians sure love pasta. We must conserve water. Racism is a disease. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. Being a teacher these days is very hard. Patna is the capital of Bihar.
(1127)	I hate going to banks these days. Clothes are a useful resources. No true religion can ever teach you to hurt others. Dust was all over the place. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. There are seven continets in the world. The IPC needs an urgent and thorough update.
(1462)	The sun shines bright today. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. News channels are getting biased. Make sure you spell that word right. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. Let me guess your true age. Computers are wonderful machines. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period.
(1818)	Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. CHSL was a walk in the park for her. I shall count the number of sentences now. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. The RRB NTPC attracts millions of applicants. I need to drink water now. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. Astronauts are wonderful.
(2137)	College is irrelevant these days. Childeren are wonderful. The time is always right, do not wait. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. Not everyone likes pasta. I hate going to banks these days. All of these sentences make no sense at all. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources.
(2178)	Writing a book is a very demanding task. 