(30)	The Italians sure love pasta.
(339)	God shall save you from all evil forces. Car keys are important. Online education is rising at a rapid rate. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. Patna is the capital of Bihar. The RRB NTPC attracts millions of applicants. No true religion can ever teach you to hurt others. The ecosystem of Mars is promising.
(713)	This passage is brought to you by Exam Cluster, search Exam Cluster on YouTube. I need to drink water now. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. Light is the fastest. Kolkata is the city of joy. Be the best version of yourself.
(1093)	These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. All the best for your typing exam. The bash and the shell excite me. All of us can make contributions to the relief fund, no matter how small. Tab key is important. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Search Engines are modern technological marvels.
(1473)	We must conserve water. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. None of us is as smart as all of us. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India. Movies may inspire you. Being a teacher these days is very hard. Not everyone likes pasta. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India.
(1810)	Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day. The bash and the shell excite me. Give me some flowers. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. Astronauts are wonderful. I write my own destiny. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. No one buys sixty watermellons.
(2194)	Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives. Stop watching rando videos. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. The Italians sure love pasta. Consider learning Shorthand. Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives. Anything which reduced human effort is a machine. Not all of us are afraid of heights.
(2223)	Dust was all over the place. 