(105)	This is just a long sentence which was meant to check your level of concentration while typing practice.
(534)	The BARC stands for Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. I think I should practice more tongue twisters. Follow traffic rules. Superheroes are boring. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives. I think this should be enough.
(906)	Education should be free for everyone. We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough. Why are children so afraid on me. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. Tab key is important. Let me guess your true age. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education.
(1283)	Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. Dust was all over the place. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. No one buys sixty watermellons. We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. Have you noticed your growing hair? I should socialize more often.
(1516)	Computers are wonderful machines. Car keys are important. Follow traffic rules. I should socialize more often. Consider learning Shorthand. The bash and the shell excite me. Help me find that girl. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea.
(1871)	Childeren are wonderful. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. Writing a book is a very demanding task. Why are children so afraid on me. Consider learning Shorthand. Make sure you spell that word right. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal.
(2210)	The time is always right, do not wait. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. Not all of us are afraid of heights. Make India great again. Anything which reduced human effort is a machine. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. Help me find that girl. This one is for science.
(2251)	Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C. 