(37)	Make sure you spell that word right.
(438)	Let's just hope there will no World War Three. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Bats and rats are quick. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. No true religion can ever teach you to hurt others. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose.
(722)	This sweet is tasty. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. I write my own destiny. Drink water regularly. That sound was wonderful. Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. Being a teacher these days is very hard. The bash and the shell excite me.
(1108)	Bats and rats are quick. Trucks connect the world. Goldfish are smart creatures. Make India great again. Car keys are important. I think this should be enough. This sweet is tasty. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect.
(1403)	The mango is the king of fruits. This sweet is tasty. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. None of us is as smart as all of us. The weather is beautiful. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter.
(1695)	Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. God shall save you from all evil forces. Coding makes me feel like a genius. I think this should be enough. I need a towel very quickly. Bill Gates is ultra rich. News channels are getting biased.
(2056)	This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. Coding makes me feel like a genius. Education should be free for everyone. We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough. I hope these sentences are not too long. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit. I need to drink water now. The Atlas is a useful book.
(2082)	Don't forget your wallet. 