(47)	Computers have truly revolutionized the world.
(355)	Our harmony is their jealousy. I hate going to banks these days. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. The next trillionaire will be made in space. There are seven continets in the world. Let's just hope there will no World War Three. All men are created equal. I think I should practice more tongue twisters.
(666)	Patna is the capital of Bihar. Our harmony is their jealousy. I feel alive and happy living in the present. Patna is the capital of Bihar. I hope these sentences are not too long. Computers have truly revolutionized the world. The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. Follow traffic rules.
(1049)	Patna is the capital of Bihar. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. The birds are in a crazy mood today. Car keys are important. We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough. Make India great again. Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day.
(1503)	All human beings deservfe equal respect. The moon is remarkably close to the Earth. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. Diwali is celebrated with joy all over India. Medicines are being manufactured at record rates. Support Exam Cluster by Subscribing their YouTube channel. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough.
(1836)	Pasta tastes best with a good sauce. Time has come for India to regain its position as a global teacher. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. Give me a break. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. Anything which reduced human effort is a machine. All men are created equal. Being a teacher these days is very hard.
(2152)	Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now. Not everyone likes pasta. Anything which reduced human effort is a machine. People crave stability. I write my own destiny. The BARC stands for Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms. Kolkata is the capital of West Bengal.
(2180)	The Atlas is a useful book. 