(32)	Clothes are a useful resources.
(328)	Time is a precious resource. Waking up early in the morning gives us a lot of extra time. Coding makes me feel like a genius. Computers have truly revolutionized the world. Nuclear energy is the future. The ecosystem of Mars is promising. Childeren are wonderful. Help put these things in order.
(642)	I think this should be enough. I hope I am going to get this promotion. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. Face masks are a hot commodity. Running is wonderful. The birds are in a crazy mood today. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state.
(997)	Help me find that girl. You can also visit www.examcluster.com for more useful resources. Rivers are a big source of livelihood for the people living near it. Not everyone likes pasta. We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough. Not all of us are afraid of heights. The bash and the shell excite me. The birds are in a crazy mood today.
(1343)	I shall count the number of sentences now. Consider learning Shorthand. The time is always right, do not wait. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. The NCERT stands for NAtional Council of Educational Research and Training. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. Don't forget your wallet.
(1704)	Elon Musk is a rich person. The BARC stands for Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. The mango is the king of fruits. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. Light is the fastest. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. Consider learning Shorthand. The SSC has the responsibility of conducting various important competitive exams in India.
(2095)	Computers have truly revolutionized the world. Not everyone is interested in the UPSC CSE; some of us just want a normal life. Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives. I hate going to banks these days. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. All the best for your typing exam. Coding makes me feel like a genius. CHSL was a walk in the park for her.
(2119)	Movies may inspire you. 