(34)	College is irrelevant these days.
(335)	Our harmony is their jealousy. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. Tab key is important. I wish the world fights off this pandemic quickly. That sound was wonderful. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. Show m e ID, the cop said. Make sure you spell that word right.
(671)	The farmers and soldiers are very important for this country. Astronauts are wonderful. I love Exam Cluster. Time is a precious resource. Give me a break. The weather is beautiful. I am a coder, normal life is boring for me. You can search for Exam Cluster on Facebook, you may also ask your doubts by sending us a message on Facebook.
(1052)	Thank you for supporting Exam Cluster by buying this book, I am sure you actually paid money for this. The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. I should socialize more often. Indian youth has the highest level of creativity, I suppose. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now. The mango is the king of fruits. The college is evil. Trucks connect the world.
(1324)	Not all of us are afraid of heights. Running is wonderful. The weather is beautiful. I need a towel very quickly. Help put these things in order. The discovery of Gravitational waves has changed everything. Patna is the capital of Bihar. The bash and the shell excite me.
(1655)	Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. Anything which reduced human effort is a machine. Writing a book is a very demanding task. Follow Exam Cluster on twitter. Writing a book is a very demanding task. Stop watching rando videos. Pasta tastes best with a good sauce. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing.
(1985)	Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. The population of the world is increasing at an exponential rate it seems. I should socialize more often. No one buys sixty watermellons. Time is a precious resource. Elon Musk is a rich person. Trucks connect the world. Elon Musk is a rich person.
(2022)	None of us is as smart as all of us. 