(27)	All men are created equal.
(385)	Movies may inspire you. Give me a break. I think this should be enough. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. The CBSE stands for Central Board of Secondary Education. All of us deserve proper respect, dignity should be universal. The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms. The BARC stands for Bhabha Atomic Research Centre.
(794)	Let us all work together for a cleener and greener future. Being a teacher these days is very hard. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world. All human beings deservfe equal respect. Kolkata is the city of joy. Being a teacher these days is very hard.
(1149)	The British made sure they looted all that they could from us. Childeren are wonderful. You may see a sentences related to pasta in this book. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. Don't try to find meaning in these words, just keep typing. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. College is irrelevant these days. I think I should practice more tongue twisters.
(1500)	None of us is as smart as all of us. Stop watching rando videos. None of us is as smart as all of us. Search Engines are modern technological marvels. We all must not look at the west for approval, we are enough. Stop watching rando videos. God shall save you from all evil forces. Every morning brings out a new opportunity in the form of a new day.
(1881)	These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. This one is for science. I shall count the number of sentences now. The dictionary in the hard copy form is not required anymore, and that is a good thing actually. None of us is as smart as all of us. Show m e ID, the cop said. Make sure you spell that word right. Nuclear energy is the future.
(2384)	The capital of India is Delhi. The Muslim invaders were merciless killers, all they wanted was the wealth of the ancient Indian civilization. Destruction of our cultural sites and temples showed their insecurity and inferior intellect. The sun shines bright today. Computers have truly revolutionized the world. All the best for your typing exam. Physics is a demanding but a very interesting subject and a promising field of study. The Atlas is a useful book. Vegetarians are quietly saving the world.
(2468)	The sun is a huge ball of fire, it seems but is actually powered by Nuclear Fusion. 