(49)	Search Engines are modern technological marvels.
(416)	Dust was all over the place. No one buys sixty watermellons. They like to play tricks with the students. I feel alive and happy living in the present. There comes no tomorrow, life exists in today. Computers have truly revolutionized the world. Typing long pieces of texts is slightly boring, but is necessary for my success. Potatoes are a rich source of Vitamin C.
(742)	Being a teacher these days is very hard. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now. NEET is not everyone's cup of tea. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. Give me some flowers. Rules are meant to be obeyed and respected. Goldfish are smart creatures. Don't forget your wallet.
(1033)	Consider learning Shorthand. The PMO seems to be very active on social media platforms. No one buys sixty watermellons. Bye bye, I am going to take some rest now. The mango is the king of fruits. Superheroes are boring. The birds are in a crazy mood today. Why are children so afraid on me.
(1416)	Avoid fast cars, svae petrol, move towards a green fututre by opting for renewable energy sources. Be the best version of yourself. Goldfish are smart creatures. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. This seems to be enough for me, I guess. Do not forget to put that valuable full stop, also knwon as the period. Clothes are a useful resources. College is irrelevant these days.
(1745)	None of us is as smart as all of us. Many of the government jobs exams are soon expected to be replaced by the CET. The UNIX started it all. People crave stability. The RRB NTPC attracts millions of applicants. The sun shines bright today. Mobile phones have become an irreplaceable part of our lives. All men are created equal.
(2133)	Let us see how many of you will guess the answer correctly. Ranchi is the capital of Jharkhand state. Don't forget your wallet. This Coronavirus pandemic taught the world some valuable lessons. These sentences may not be related, and that is the whole point of making this book. She sings like an angel. Light is the fastest. We should all abide by the traffic rules for our own benefit.
(2204)	Reality is relative and therefore it may not be the same for everyone. 